Claim CLI Tool (#69)
LiskHQ/lisk-token-claim: packages/claim-cli/README.md

# Claim CLI

> This library is a tool to Claim Lisk token without the need to UI. This tool can provider the following services:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library is a tool to claim Lisk tokens without the need for UI. This tool can provide the following services:
```

- Check Eligibility
- Submit a Claim
- Publish a Multisig claim with completed signatures onchain

![cli_screenshot.png](../../documentation/Claim_CLI/cli_screenshot.png)

## Run

```

> # Enter claim-cli package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Navigate to claim-cli package
```
